Hello people in general played call with
These guys are now just a profile
his look at the statistics of 20 self
almost track 1
it's ordinary
look statue
to beta track 1 almost scheduled tank too
generally
exercise with you watch him
beha he and or this is a pipe te
now we are puffed up
there will be very two interesting moments
but only that one was mine and that can
be and not sucker
but I do not know here at least
there was no suspicious
here only to one and jumps well,
I’ve got two reasons for this
wanted a mace so as not to drain either understood
so as not to burn I salt it therefore
he decided to face off and jump off the balcony
while looking at the top look further
there will be another moment
smoke screen apparently he kills not
tired about shooting kills me through
that door is generally understandable
Well
I wanted to show only these two points
wuhan or not